Lionstone is in the process of becoming one
see background and the same applies
also for our youtube channel constantly
new people keep coming back
people leave but what remains is on
constantly increasing subscriber numbers and
Welcome to the 5000 subscribers
special one could say here on
youtube.com athlete respectively
our news channel goes and yes that
last subscriber specialist a whole
because of the 4000 I had
also the feeling the 3,000 to 4,000
against a bit faster than that
4000 to 5000 it seems so slow
we arrived at a point where it is
It will be harder to collect more subscribers
Nonetheless, it comes every day
new people and I have the feeling
we are getting really much
have fun especially with regard to hd
fans all the upcoming new guides the
go along with it and so on and so on
on
I am very happy personally that
to change
Now, however, I am pleased first
with you our raffle
go through
you may all know that
Subscriber special included so far
contest with items from the
gem shop and even today is the
be the case again
Let's just briefly hide the interface
again and go into the black
lion trading company there you see
few games have lately
already saved and they should of course
to be raffled to you
how do we do that we are giving away in
pay 2 infinite dismantling tools and
four miniatures of your choice
how does it look like you have to in principle
just comment on the video below
youtube please do not open up news yourself
which item you want to win
that's all you can do
To call an object decides thus
wise between the 1000 gemstones for
a removal tool and that maybe
only 350 to 500 clubs
nature in hope or stop with the
greater chance of a miniature too
because a lot of people get very much
keen on the removal tools are one
Part of these tools are with the
last game store update disappeared
Accordingly, the game of chance is running
even until monday evening 23 clock 59
just to make sure that yourself
Tuesday before the game store update
the things can already be sent
not that suddenly things
The winners are chosen to disappear
have and then suddenly we are stupid
because you do not have to name your account
sometimes the video comment that is
very important but you get
from me a message on youtube
Next point so when I think of you
write on youtube or google plus
pay attention to it recently someone has
reported the one and a half months ago what
has won and still wanted
its price is natural
way too late and b at the subject
not even in the gem shock so
pay attention to your youtube messages
must rises I publish the
Names of youtube channels
if you are so called there on
Tuesday you should hurry
Report to me ah yes so that's too
There are two infinite reductions
tools of your choice what else do we have
since the all hoe lumberjack ax we
have the lumberjack as a lumberjack
Tool of the crazy scientist
and the dream of split wood publishing is so
only three external I see that correctly
yes, we do have a miner dream one
trust today okay so these are still
Five removal tools probably
Every kind miner tron ​​miner
Tool of the crazy sciences
That's what we say in that, that's it
number two then is still there with the
Clock away pick always worth it
I think that was so trivial
if I see it correctly
and at the end we have the
dresche sure harvest tool of
crazy scientist then the
hear dream
as sure and in the end still the
So consortium harvest five ext4
picking in and only three
Decide wisely what you do
simply wants to win
under the video we give away two pieces
and as I said four ago
You can also choose miniatures here
between the slightly more expensive mini beetles
for 500 gems or something
cheaper we have miniature graham
we have the miniature i mini golden
pigs with it the mini packs
Airship 's motto red panda and mini
rocks I think everyone should
have been
only exception because this has one
package is that does not count with her
So you can not join the chieftains
and it was never secure but only the
single miniatures yes that 's it in
principle already comment under the video
that's 5,000 subscribers we
who get together when times look
we reach the 6000 because there are just
the next gem shop contest
time until monday evening 23h59
i just told you tuesday
hopefully you will be one tomorrow
have e mail post in the mailbox and me
best to 18 clock already answered
because as I said at 18 o'clock could
Things disappear and it would be
very annoying when we meet
would
I would like the sweepstakes as well
started yesterday but from the
time ago Go is not quite on I
hope, however , will get the whole
smoothly across the stage and then
I would say to the next 1000
Subscribers to us or ours
follow youtube channel
I'm looking forward to it, I'm glad
i'm arte france i'm straight
again a bit guild wars 2 had
echo through the guilds and
Accordingly, I would say
make an end to today until
Think next video as you can
not hurt either
and subscribe now if you like
have not done so yet and we
See you again for the next video